hey who cut the cheese one more time and
I swear I'm gonna hurt you you know what
they say two's company
she's a crowd hey hey what do you call
cheese that isn't yours look I'm not
playing your game okay nacho cheese who
told you puns are funny because they're
not oh ow my head hurts
George yeah I just don't feel very good
uh get it Gouda I hate you and I hate
your stupid puns how about a little bit
more cheese with your wine I'm not
listening to any more puns me jeez no no
let's do it again no let's not do it
again ever
cheese don't get angry you're turning
into a monster I can't take it someone
in this right now I can't take any more
stupid puns yes I am so out of here oh
oh where you going she's
oh thank you hence my misery no more
puns no more wow that was really
degrading oh I regret nothing nothing
hey geez hey jeez are you feeling any
chatter
you really get around